{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang9 LINKS:\b0\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.researchgate.net/publication/24111300_Entrepreneurship_in_Pakistan }}{\fldrslt{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/24111300_Entrepreneurship_in_Pakistan\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/10/19/importance-of-entrepreneurship/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/10/19/importance-of-entrepreneurship/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.unitedsol.net/successful-entrepreneurs-in-pakistan/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.unitedsol.net/successful-entrepreneurs-in-pakistan/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/entrepreneurship-startups-pakistan-navigating-economic-hamad-pervaiz#:~:text=Entrepreneurship%20and%20startups%20play%20a,country%20remain%20resilient%20and%20innovative }}{\fldrslt{https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/entrepreneurship-startups-pakistan-navigating-economic-hamad-pervaiz#:~:text=Entrepreneurship%20and%20startups%20play%20a,country%20remain%20resilient%20and%20innovative\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 .\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/women/women-entrepreneurship/women-entrepreneurship/99813 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/women/women-entrepreneurship/women-entrepreneurship/99813\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://npo.gov.pk/weds/ }}{\fldrslt{https://npo.gov.pk/weds/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.pbs.gov.pk/sites/default/files/press_releases/2023/CPI_Press_Release_January_2023.pdf }}{\fldrslt{https://www.pbs.gov.pk/sites/default/files/press_releases/2023/CPI_Press_Release_January_2023.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/women/women-entrepreneurship/women-entrepreneurship/99813 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/women/women-entrepreneurship/women-entrepreneurship/99813\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://npo.gov.pk/weds/ }}{\fldrslt{https://npo.gov.pk/weds/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\fs24{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.oecd.org/sti/inno/Session_4_Husain.pdf }}{\fldrslt{https://www.oecd.org/sti/inno/Session_4_Husain.pdf\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/04/08/promoting-technology-driven-entrepreneurship-in-pakistan/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/04/08/promoting-technology-driven-entrepreneurship-in-pakistan/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://ir.iba.edu.pk/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1015&context=businessreview }}{\fldrslt{https://ir.iba.edu.pk/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1015&context=businessreview\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.nation.com.pk/02-Jul-2022/pakistan-s-entrepreneurship-and-startup-sector-still-has-clear-gender-gap }}{\fldrslt{https://www.nation.com.pk/02-Jul-2022/pakistan-s-entrepreneurship-and-startup-sector-still-has-clear-gender-gap\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.dawn.com/news/1715840 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.dawn.com/news/1715840\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.dawn.com/news/1600361 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.dawn.com/news/1600361\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.dawn.com/news/1689949/entrepreneurship-is-the-way-forward }}{\fldrslt{https://www.dawn.com/news/1689949/entrepreneurship-is-the-way-forward\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.dawn.com/news/1714463 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.dawn.com/news/1714463\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/women/women-entrepreneurship/women-entrepreneurship/99813 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/women/women-entrepreneurship/women-entrepreneurship/99813\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.researchgate.net/publication/24111300_Entrepreneurship_in_Pakistan }}{\fldrslt{https://www.researchgate.net/publication/24111300_Entrepreneurship_in_Pakistan\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.unitedsol.net/successful-entrepreneurs-in-pakistan/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.unitedsol.net/successful-entrepreneurs-in-pakistan/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/10/19/importance-of-entrepreneurship/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/10/19/importance-of-entrepreneurship/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/entrepreneurship-startups-pakistan-navigating-economic-hamad-pervaiz#:~:text=Entrepreneurship%20and%20startups%20play%20a,country%20remain%20resilient%20and%20innovative }}{\fldrslt{https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/entrepreneurship-startups-pakistan-navigating-economic-hamad-pervaiz#:~:text=Entrepreneurship%20and%20startups%20play%20a,country%20remain%20resilient%20and%20innovative\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://npo.gov.pk/weds/ }}{\fldrslt{https://npo.gov.pk/weds/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.theofficepass.com/toppings/top-problems-faced-by-women-entrepreneurs-in-india.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs24\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/04/08/promoting-technology-driven-entrepreneurship-in-pakistan/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.pakistantoday.com.pk/2022/04/08/promoting-technology-driven-entrepreneurship-in-pakistan/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\b\fs28\par
ENTREPRENEURSHIP:\fs22\par
\b0\fs24 Women's empowerment is an important issue in Pakistan, where women face significant social, cultural, and economic challenges. In recent years, there have been efforts to improve the status of women in Pakistan through various policies and initiatives.\par
\par
One of the key challenges facing women in Pakistan is the lack of access to education. The literacy rate for women in Pakistan is significantly lower than for men, with only 62% of women being literate compared to 81% of men. To address this issue, the government has implemented policies such as providing free education for girls up to grade 12 and establishing women's universities and colleges.\par
\par
Another major challenge for women in Pakistan is gender-based violence, including domestic violence, sexual harassment, and honor killings. In recent years, there has been increased awareness of these issues, and the government has introduced laws such as the Anti-Rape Ordinance, the Domestic Violence (Prevention and Protection) Act, and the Acid Control and Acid Crime Prevention Bill to protect women's rights and punish perpetrators of violence.\par
\par
In terms of economic empowerment, women in Pakistan face significant barriers to employment and entrepreneurship. However, there have been initiatives to increase women's participation in the workforce, such as the Benazir Income Support Programme, which provides cash transfers to women in low-income households, and the Women's Entrepreneurship Development Programme, which provides training and support for women entrepreneurs.\par
\par
Overall, while there is still much work to be done to improve women's empowerment in Pakistan, there have been positive developments in recent years, and there is growing awareness of the importance of gender equality and women's rights.\par
Women empowerment refers to the process of giving women the power to control their own lives, make their own decisions, and have equal access to opportunities and resources. This includes promoting gender equality, challenging discriminatory attitudes and behaviors, increasing women's representation and participation in decision-making processes, and improving access to education, healthcare, and economic opportunities. Ultimately, women empowerment aims to create a more just and equitable society where women have the same rights and opportunities as men, and are able to fully participate and contribute to social, economic, and political life.\par
\par
There are numerous challenges that can impede women's empowerment, including:\par
\par
Gender stereotypes and discrimination: Deeply ingrained societal norms and stereotypes about women can limit their opportunities and choices, and prevent them from fully participating in society.\par
Lack of access to education and training: Women may have limited access to education and training, which can limit their job prospects and ability to participate fully in the workforce.\par
Limited access to economic resources: Women may have limited access to financial resources, property, and other assets, which can limit their ability to start businesses, invest in their future, and achieve financial independence.\par
Gender-based violence: Women may face physical, sexual, and emotional violence and harassment, which can limit their freedom and ability to participate in public life.\par
Lack of representation in decision-making processes: Women may be underrepresented in politics, government, and other decision-making roles, which can limit their ability to shape policies and laws that affect their lives.\par
Societal expectations of caregiving: Women may be expected to prioritize their roles as caregivers, which can limit their opportunities to pursue other interests and roles.\par
Lack of access to healthcare: Women may have limited access to healthcare services, which can limit their ability to maintain good health and prevent and treat illnesses.\par
These challenges require concerted efforts at all levels of society to address and overcome.\par
\par
There are various solutions that can be implemented to promote women's empowerment, including:\par
\par
Education and training: Providing access to education and training for women can help them acquire the knowledge and skills they need to pursue their goals and achieve economic independence.\par
Economic empowerment: Implementing policies and programs that promote women's economic empowerment, such as providing access to credit, financial services, and markets, can help women achieve financial independence and overcome poverty.\par
Ending gender-based violence: Policies and programs that prevent and address gender-based violence can help ensure women's safety and security, and enable them to fully participate in public life.\par
Promoting gender equality: Implementing policies and practices that promote gender equality, such as addressing gender stereotypes and discrimination, can help women overcome barriers to equal participation and representation.\par
Increasing women's representation in decision-making processes: Encouraging and supporting women's participation in politics, government, and other decision-making roles can help ensure that women's voices are heard and their perspectives are represented in policy and decision-making processes.\par
Healthcare access: Providing women with access to healthcare services can help ensure that they are healthy and able to participate fully in social, economic, and political life.\par
Overall, promoting women's empowerment requires a comprehensive approach that addresses the various challenges women face, and involves collaboration between governments, civil society organizations, the private sector, and individuals at all levels of society.\par
\par
Women's participation in universities has been increasing in recent years, but there are still challenges that need to be addressed to promote their full participation and success. Some of the key issues include:\par
\par
Access to higher education: Women in some parts of the world may face barriers to accessing higher education, such as limited financial resources or social norms that prioritize male education.\par
Stereotypes and biases: Women may face stereotypes and biases in academic settings, such as the perception that they are less capable in certain fields of study, which can limit their opportunities and success.\par
Harassment and discrimination: Women may face harassment and discrimination in academic settings, including sexual harassment and gender-based violence, which can limit their ability to participate fully and achieve their potential.\par
Balancing family responsibilities: Women may face challenges in balancing family responsibilities with academic work, particularly if they are the primary caregivers for children or elderly relatives.\par
Lack of role models and mentorship: Women may have limited access to female role models and mentors in academic settings, which can limit their ability to find support and guidance.\par
To address these challenges, universities can implement policies and programs that promote gender equality and women's empowerment. These may include initiatives to address biases and stereotypes, provide support and resources for women facing harassment or discrimination, offer flexible scheduling options for students with family responsibilities, and promote the recruitment and retention of female faculty and leadership. Additionally, universities can work to increase access to higher education for women, particularly in areas where they face the greatest barriers to participation.\par
\par
There are many good traits that can enable women to actively participate in society and achieve success in their personal and professional lives. Some of these traits include:\par
\par
Confidence: Having confidence in oneself and one's abilities can help women overcome challenges and pursue their goals.\par
Resilience: Being resilient in the face of setbacks and adversity can help women persist in the pursuit of their goals and maintain a positive outlook.\par
Empathy: Being able to understand and empathize with others can help women build strong relationships and collaborate effectively with others.\par
Open-mindedness: Being open to new ideas and perspectives can help women expand their horizons and find new solutions to problems.\par
Perseverance: Being able to persevere through difficult times and continue working towards one's goals can help women achieve success in the long term.\par
Adaptability: Being adaptable and flexible can help women navigate changes and challenges in the social, economic, and political environments in which they live and work.\par
Empowerment: Feeling empowered and being able to take charge of one's life and make one's own decisions can help women pursue their goals and achieve success on their own terms.\par
Overall, developing a strong sense of self and cultivating positive personal traits can help women become active participants in society and achieve success in their personal and professional lives.\par
\par
Pakistan faces numerous challenges in promoting women's empowerment and gender equality. Some of the key challenges include:\par
\par
Gender stereotypes and discrimination: Deeply ingrained societal norms and stereotypes about women can limit their opportunities and choices, and prevent them from fully participating in society. Women in Pakistan may face discrimination in various spheres of life, including education, employment, and politics.\par
Limited access to education and training: Women in Pakistan may have limited access to education and training, which can limit their job prospects and ability to participate fully in the workforce.\par
Limited access to economic resources: Women in Pakistan may have limited access to financial resources, property, and other assets, which can limit their ability to start businesses, invest in their future, and achieve financial independence.\par
Gender-based violence: Women in Pakistan may face physical, sexual, and emotional violence and harassment, which can limit their freedom and ability to participate in public life.\par
Lack of representation in decision-making processes: Women in Pakistan are underrepresented in politics, government, and other decision-making roles, which can limit their ability to shape policies and laws that affect their lives.\par
Societal expectations of caregiving: Women in Pakistan may be expected to prioritize their roles as caregivers, which can limit their opportunities to pursue other interests and roles.\par
Limited access to healthcare: Women in Pakistan may have limited access to healthcare services, which can limit their ability to maintain good health and prevent and treat illnesses.\par
Addressing these challenges requires concerted efforts at all levels of society to overcome. Solutions may include policies and programs that promote women's education and economic empowerment, address gender-based violence, increase women's representation in decision-making processes, and promote gender equality and women's rights. Additionally, changing societal attitudes towards women and challenging gender stereotypes and discrimination can help create a more just and equitable society for all.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs28 Women Empowerment \b0\fs24\par
1.  Women's empowerment is an important issue in Pakistan, where women face significant social, cultural, and economic challenges. In recent years, there have been efforts to improve the status of women in Pakistan through various policies and initiatives.\par
\par
One of the key challenges facing women in Pakistan is the lack of access to education. The literacy rate for women in Pakistan is significantly lower than for men, with only 62% of women being literate compared to 81% of men. To address this issue, the government has implemented policies such as providing free education for girls up to grade 12 and establishing women's universities and colleges.\par
\par
Another major challenge for women in Pakistan is gender-based violence, including domestic violence, sexual harassment, and honor killings. In recent years, there has been increased awareness of these issues, and the government has introduced laws such as the Anti-Rape Ordinance, the Domestic Violence (Prevention and Protection) Act, and the Acid Control and Acid Crime Prevention Bill to protect women's rights and punish perpetrators of violence.\par
\par
In terms of economic empowerment, women in Pakistan face significant barriers to employment and entrepreneurship. However, there have been initiatives to increase women's participation in the workforce, such as the Benazir Income Support Programme, which provides cash transfers to women in low-income households, and the Women's Entrepreneurship Development Programme, which provides training and support for women entrepreneurs.\par
\par
Overall, while there is still much work to be done to improve women's empowerment in Pakistan, there have been positive developments in recent years, and there is growing awareness of the importance of gender equality and women's rights.\par
2. Women empowerment refers to the process of giving women the power to control their own lives, make their own decisions, and have equal access to opportunities and resources. This includes promoting gender equality, challenging discriminatory attitudes and behaviors, increasing women's representation and participation in decision-making processes, and improving access to education, healthcare, and economic opportunities. Ultimately, women empowerment aims to create a more just and equitable society where women have the same rights and opportunities as men, and are able to fully participate and contribute to social, economic, and political life.\par
3. There are numerous challenges that can impede women's empowerment, including:\par
\par
Gender stereotypes and discrimination: Deeply ingrained societal norms and stereotypes about women can limit their opportunities and choices, and prevent them from fully participating in society.\par
Lack of access to education and training: Women may have limited access to education and training, which can limit their job prospects and ability to participate fully in the workforce.\par
Limited access to economic resources: Women may have limited access to financial resources, property, and other assets, which can limit their ability to start businesses, invest in their future, and achieve financial independence.\par
Gender-based violence: Women may face physical, sexual, and emotional violence and harassment, which can limit their freedom and ability to participate in public life.\par
Lack of representation in decision-making processes: Women may be underrepresented in politics, government, and other decision-making roles, which can limit their ability to shape policies and laws that affect their lives.\par
Societal expectations of caregiving: Women may be expected to prioritize their roles as caregivers, which can limit their opportunities to pursue other interests and roles.\par
Lack of access to healthcare: Women may have limited access to healthcare services, which can limit their ability to maintain good health and prevent and treat illnesses.\par
These challenges require concerted efforts at all levels of society to address and overcome.\par
4.There are various solutions that can be implemented to promote women's empowerment, including:\par
\par
Education and training: Providing access to education and training for women can help them acquire the knowledge and skills they need to pursue their goals and achieve economic independence.\par
Economic empowerment: Implementing policies and programs that promote women's economic empowerment, such as providing access to credit, financial services, and markets, can help women achieve financial independence and overcome poverty.\par
Ending gender-based violence: Policies and programs that prevent and address gender-based violence can help ensure women's safety and security, and enable them to fully participate in public life.\par
Promoting gender equality: Implementing policies and practices that promote gender equality, such as addressing gender stereotypes and discrimination, can help women overcome barriers to equal participation and representation.\par
Increasing women's representation in decision-making processes: Encouraging and supporting women's participation in politics, government, and other decision-making roles can help ensure that women's voices are heard and their perspectives are represented in policy and decision-making processes.\par
Healthcare access: Providing women with access to healthcare services can help ensure that they are healthy and able to participate fully in social, economic, and political life.\par
Overall, promoting women's empowerment requires a comprehensive approach that addresses the various challenges women face, and involves collaboration between governments, civil society organizations, the private sector, and individuals at all levels of society.\par
5.Women's participation in universities has been increasing in recent years, but there are still challenges that need to be addressed to promote their full participation and success. Some of the key issues include:\par
\par
Access to higher education: Women in some parts of the world may face barriers to accessing higher education, such as limited financial resources or social norms that prioritize male education.\par
Stereotypes and biases: Women may face stereotypes and biases in academic settings, such as the perception that they are less capable in certain fields of study, which can limit their opportunities and success.\par
Harassment and discrimination: Women may face harassment and discrimination in academic settings, including sexual harassment and gender-based violence, which can limit their ability to participate fully and achieve their potential.\par
Balancing family responsibilities: Women may face challenges in balancing family responsibilities with academic work, particularly if they are the primary caregivers for children or elderly relatives.\par
Lack of role models and mentorship: Women may have limited access to female role models and mentors in academic settings, which can limit their ability to find support and guidance.\par
To address these challenges, universities can implement policies and programs that promote gender equality and women's empowerment. These may include initiatives to address biases and stereotypes, provide support and resources for women facing harassment or discrimination, offer flexible scheduling options for students with family responsibilities, and promote the recruitment and retention of female faculty and leadership. Additionally, universities can work to increase access to higher education for women, particularly in areas where they face the greatest barriers to participation.\par
6.There are many good traits that can enable women to actively participate in society and achieve success in their personal and professional lives. Some of these traits include:\par
\par
Confidence: Having confidence in oneself and one's abilities can help women overcome challenges and pursue their goals.\par
Resilience: Being resilient in the face of setbacks and adversity can help women persist in the pursuit of their goals and maintain a positive outlook.\par
Empathy: Being able to understand and empathize with others can help women build strong relationships and collaborate effectively with others.\par
Open-mindedness: Being open to new ideas and perspectives can help women expand their horizons and find new solutions to problems.\par
Perseverance: Being able to persevere through difficult times and continue working towards one's goals can help women achieve success in the long term.\par
Adaptability: Being adaptable and flexible can help women navigate changes and challenges in the social, economic, and political environments in which they live and work.\par
Empowerment: Feeling empowered and being able to take charge of one's life and make one's own decisions can help women pursue their goals and achieve success on their own terms.\par
Overall, developing a strong sense of self and cultivating positive personal traits can help women become active participants in society and achieve success in their personal and professional lives.\par
7.Pakistan faces numerous challenges in promoting women's empowerment and gender equality. Some of the key challenges include:\par
\par
Gender stereotypes and discrimination: Deeply ingrained societal norms and stereotypes about women can limit their opportunities and choices, and prevent them from fully participating in society. Women in Pakistan may face discrimination in various spheres of life, including education, employment, and politics.\par
Limited access to education and training: Women in Pakistan may have limited access to education and training, which can limit their job prospects and ability to participate fully in the workforce.\par
Limited access to economic resources: Women in Pakistan may have limited access to financial resources, property, and other assets, which can limit their ability to start businesses, invest in their future, and achieve financial independence.\par
Gender-based violence: Women in Pakistan may face physical, sexual, and emotional violence and harassment, which can limit their freedom and ability to participate in public life.\par
Lack of representation in decision-making processes: Women in Pakistan are underrepresented in politics, government, and other decision-making roles, which can limit their ability to shape policies and laws that affect their lives.\par
Societal expectations of caregiving: Women in Pakistan may be expected to prioritize their roles as caregivers, which can limit their opportunities to pursue other interests and roles.\par
Limited access to healthcare: Women in Pakistan may have limited access to healthcare services, which can limit their ability to maintain good health and prevent and treat illnesses.\par
Addressing these challenges requires concerted efforts at all levels of society to overcome. Solutions may include policies and programs that promote women's education and economic empowerment, address gender-based violence, increase women's representation in decision-making processes, and promote gender equality and women's rights. Additionally, changing societal attitudes towards women and challenging gender stereotypes and discrimination can help create a more just and equitable society for all.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\fs22\par
\par
\b0\par
\par
}
 